so today's video is going to be a bit
crew of the madman's daughter by Megan
Shepherd says the book here on my Kindle
and I know that's really reflective I'm
really sorry so i would order up fro the
whole video but and I downloaded this
book on em Fraley and finished out on
sunday i could not put this down quite
literally i mean i could not put it down
I had to put it down when I was in work
because I have a weekend job I'm but I
was supposed to come home and study
Friday night sunday saturday sunday
night i didn't i didn't none of that all
i did was read that book so first things
first I obviously loved this book I was
really intrigued by the story line and
looking forward to reading it I didn't
anticipate quite how much I would fall
in love with the way it's Megan
scheppers debut novel and I think she
has done an amazing job so plot I guess
a story is based on 19th century book
the island of dr. Moreau Muro Muro who
knows with the addition of a very major
character who officer isn't in the
original m who is dr. murrow's daughter
and the protagonist of the novel the
story centers around her beginning in
England and once quite a wealthy young
girl when her father still lived in
London em as he was a renowned physician
but no sex she was later when she's 16
she works as made and lives in a
boarding house and because her mother's
subsequently died and her father has
been banished or exiled from London for
his work she's been accused of an
experimenting on animals was in
conducting vivisections and me most
horrendous way dumped a mad scientist
he's been exiled from London and though
lives on a remote island off the coast
of a show yeah I believe at the
beginning of the novel the protagonist
Juliet doesn't know whether her father
is alive or not and she has not
contacted her in the six years he's been
away in everyone presumes his day there
are cities with small clues right at the
beginning
the novel she finds out quite promptly
that he is in fact alive and there's no
sort of and there's an intro there's a
recent introduction digitally escaped
her we hear a little bit of her
background and what's going on in her
life now but you don't have to wait too
long to get into the proper meat of the
story I enjoyed the pacing I know I've
read some reviews repeals though it was
to soul but I thought it was appropriate
for the book at created suspense and
tension and I think that we got into the
action reasonably quickly she does in
fact go to the island to meet her father
again she travels with his assistant who
she met in London and who subsequently
told her father was still alive and a
young man named Montgomery who is 18 we
should travels with him to em this
island and on their journey to the
island they pick up a castaway called
Edward Prince and these are no you're
three main characters with dr. Moreau
being more of an antagonist we
protagonists although those deaf and all
three of them there's a mixture of good
and bad and our Montgomery Julia and
Edward and yes there is a little bit of
a love triangle there and but I don't
think it takes away from story in fact I
really enjoyed that I thought it was
done really well I don't think Juliet to
be a normally soppy character that
couldn't deal with anything although
should I spend some time debating over
which one she prefers and she still
remains quite a strong character in my
mind m and she keeps the main objective
clear in her head which is to find out
what is going wrong with her father and
his experiments I think Juliet was a
really hbu list Akande believable
protagonist is a sort of gothic mystery
with that touch of Roman and there is
actually quite a few mysteries and our
different parts to the mystery and you
find different things that gradually all
culminating in this massive shocker
ending which I was partially traumatized
by I I feel like I can't believe what
happened at the
and even like the big thing and the
smaller thing that happens again there's
like a few surprises there at the
Shockers at the end and and i can't
believe that i have to wait till 2014 to
read the sequel Oh a little bit was
originally intended to be a standalone
book it was subsequently and thankfully
turned into a trilogy and the sequel is
to be based on a dr. Jekyll mr. hey
afraid the character is old to be
likable there we had enough flaws not to
feel idealized or too perfect to be true
but in the same time their characters
were all quite strong characters so they
all had appealing aspects as in Edward
Julia and Montgomery dr. Moreau had very
very little going for him I think it's
because of the the genre of this book
but nobody really comes under that clear
a good guy bad guy category obviously
there are characters that are definitely
you're reaching for but they all have
something a little bit something darker
some secrets and going on with them and
I think you'll constantly get little
surprises for the book I also think
there's clues and some things I
suspected before they happened other
things I was completely shocked by but
when they were revealed I was like that
makes sense and sort of wanted to go
back and be like oh if I'd known that
then I think it's I'm really done well
done book and I think if you like sort
of anything with a bit of scare factor
to thrillers and this will make you jump
it was quite will not jump whose boat
bisque is an eerie book there was moment
I was like oh it's the middle of the
night and I'm a little bit freaked out
right now all I don't think it was
overwhelmed it overwhelmingly
frightening and I am quite easily scared
like I really don't like gory horror
books and this was definitely more of
like a thriller mystery at least from my
perspective with some sort of gruesome
elements too but in a way that I think
most people could treat this even if
they weren't really a hoarder person
because you don't think it's really a
hoarder book and I think if you like but
romance i think if you
sort of period set books em or if you
like just plain mysteries which I love
then I think you'll adore this book I
think it was really well written and
honestly can't say enough good things
about this burger as soon as I finish
this book I 10 solenoids pick it back up
and reread it so and this book
definitely does bear deserves 5 stars
from me I hope this was some semblance
of a help em and that if you do read
this book you do enjoy it as much as I
did and if you've read it then please
tap it in the comments with me is my
very rambling over-the-top review of
this book and I'm telling you should all
check out and yeah I will see y'all
again very soon bye